Reorganize README (#5649)
activeadmin/activeadmin: README.md

> ## Want to contribute?

Author: Isn't "support" a transitive verb so it would need a noun after, like "support _us_"? Or does this mean "support" as a noun (meaning something like... "help").

> ## Want to contribute?

Reviewer: Yes you are right. It means more like "help" in this regard, although I agree it would be better with "support us" instead.

The reason I suggested the heading change, is that to me "contribute" is used in OSS when discussing code or project changes while the latter is used with the financial side so I wanted to include both, although its not necessary.

> ## Want to contribute?

Author: Maybe it makes sense to go back to the previous version here, then: two separate sections called "Want to contribute?" and "Want to support us?".

> ## Want to contribute?

Reviewer: Sure, that sounds good to me. 👍🏻

> ## Want to contribute?

Author: Updated via https://github.com/activeadmin/activeadmin/pull/5649/commits/1e1ad9162da119fd0afcdf1b6795076e95be0ccf, this is ready for another pass! :+1:

If you want to contribute through code or documentation, the [contributing

> guide][contributing] is a good place to start. If you have questions, feel free

Reviewer: 😏

```suggestion
guide][contributing] is the best place to start. If you have questions, feel free
```

to ask.

> If you want to contribute economically, you can help funding the project

Reviewer: I felt it was better using the word "support" but its not a necessary change. Although once I did that I realized "economically" sounds weird, it's much more common to use the word financial when using support.

```suggestion
If you want to support us financially, you can help fund the project
```

> through a [Tidelift subscription][tidelift]. By buying a Tidelift subscription

Author: Is this correct? You seem to only be removing a bracket, so it would get unbalanced... right?

> through a [Tidelift subscription][tidelift]. By buying a Tidelift subscription

Author: Aaah, I see the separate edit now :+1:

> through a [Tidelift subscription][tidelift]. By buying a Tidelift subscription

Reviewer: Yes, I saw you that you may have been using the Suggested Change feature to bring in the change I thought it was best to continue with that despite the confusion. 😂

you make sure your whole dependency stack is properly maintained, while also

> getting a comprenhensive view of outdated dependencies, new releases, security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
getting a comprehensive view of outdated dependencies, new releases, security
```

alerts, and licensing compatibility issues.

You can also support us with a weekly tip via [Liberapay].

> Finally, we have an [opencollective page] where you can become a backer or

Reviewer: I'm not familiar with this link markdown style syntax. I just want to make sure we show "opencollective" as "Open Collective" which is what they use.

EDIT: I think this would be it?

```suggestion
Finally, we have an [Open Collective][opencollective page] where you can become a backer or
```

[Kaminari]            | Elegant pagination for any sort of collection
[Ransack]             | Provides a simple search API to query your data

## Acknowledgements

> Thanks to [Greg] for creating and opensourcing this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to [Greg Bell][Greg] for creating and sharing this project with the open source community.
```

> Thanks to all the people that ever contributed to this project through [code] or

Reviewer: I think we can improve this by linking the following instead:

```suggestion
Thanks to [all the people that ever contributed to this project through code][contributors] or
```

I'm not familiar with this link markdown syntax so I may have it wrong, sorry. I also renamed the link to contributors as I felt that was more reflective of what it is.

other means such as bug reports, issue triaging, feature suggestions, code
snippet tips, slack dicussions and so on.

> Thanks to [Tidelift][tidelift] and our Tidelift subscriptors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to [Tidelift][tidelift] and all our Tidelift subscribers.
```

Author: Subscriptors?? Sometimes I'm embarrased by my English :rofl:

Reviewer: Haha sorry, don't feel bad. 😂 You do great all around! I figure with this you are learning too. Thanks! 👏🏻

> Thanks to [Opencollective][opencollective contributors] and our Opencollective contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thanks to [Open Collective][opencollective contributors] and all our Open Collective contributors.
```

[wiki]: https://github.com/activeadmin/activeadmin/wiki
[stackoverflow]: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/activeadmin
[contributing]: https://github.com/activeadmin/activeadmin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[Liberapay]: https://liberapay.com
[Greg]: https://github.com/gregbell

> [code]: https://github.com/activeadmin/activeadmin/graphs/contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[contributors]: https://github.com/activeadmin/activeadmin/graphs/contributors
```
